DOC: Add notes for metal GPU acceleration (#213)
xorbitsai/inference: README.md

- Xinference will download models automatically for you, and by default the models will be saved under `${USER}/.xinference/cache`.
- Foundation models only provide interface `generate`.
- RLHF and SFT models provide both `generate` and `chat`.

> - If you want to use MacOS Metal GPU for inference, please choose the q4_0 and q4_1 quantization methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use Apple Metal GPU for acceleration, please choose the q4_0 and q4_1 quantization methods.
```
